The War Version 9.0.4 Rules
Updated on 19th march 2021
1. Spamming. Spamming is considered the habit of sending several messages under a short amount of time, or sending long messages containing random characters. If you spam, you will be warned once to stop. If you don't stop, you will be jailed. Failing to stop even after a jailing will result in a ban.
2. Chatting. The chat is a way of socializing with other players. However, the following will not be tolerated, and could result in a ban, with likely no warnings at all. Insulting / harassing other players is certainly not tolerated, and you will be banned with no warning. Sexually harassing or assaulting other players, or slandering, is certainly not allowed either, and you will be banned without warning as well.
3. Discussion of clones, forks, or cracks are not taken lightly on MD Games Production, If you find someone is doing this, speak up and say so.
This includes discussion in general, link sharing, source code, etc. We do not need people like that on the game. They will be likely banned with minimal warnings given.
4. Unnecessary topics, such as sexual means, murder, rape, drugs, etc. These kinds of topics do not serve a purpose on MD Games Production. If you are going to talk about such means, use PM or map chat, or don't even talk about them at all.
5. Failing to comply will lead to your chats disabled, or possibly a jailing or banning. If a player tells you to stop something that they find offensive, you are complied to do so.
We want everyone to have a fair and fun time on MD Games Production, and we do not need people ruining it for players.
6. If an admin notices that you are continuously targeting the player with the same thing, such as name calling, calling someone out for past means, etc, you will be warned to stop. Failing to do so will have consequences, depending on the severity.
7. If an admin restricts your chatting feature, it is because you have said something severe. If an admin disables this feature, you can not create a new account to get around the restriction, or else you will be jailed. Failing to stop even after such will result in a ban.
8. Under certain circumstances chatting in other languages may be considered by administration as spam, especially so if it is between only two people. If between only two people, it can very well be done in Personal chat and not over the public chat. This situation, however, is a lower level than general spam, as in some cases the people committing said offense are not aware of what administration staff may be saying to them, and so should be handled lightly and hopefully with someone who can translate our messages from English to whatever language is necessary. Try helping them bridge the gap before using warnings in this scenario.
9. Admins and Ranks Asking for the admin rank or any other ranks in the game ,stuffs, source codes and don’t ask admins to move anywhere, is certainly not allowed. You will be warned for this, and if you continue after being warned, you will be banned.
10. Administrators are a way to help you on MD Games Production. They will be there to support you and defend you if possible. However, if you feel that an admin is doing something in the wrong, or is breaking any of the above rules, contact developer, found in the readme. If an administrator asks you to stop, you are bound to do so. Continuing will results in consequence depending on the severity.
11. Jailing. When you're in jail, it is because you did something wrong. Your jail time is to take time and reflect upon what you did.
You will not do any of the following during your jail period.
Ask to be released from jail regardless of the jail period length,
You could have your chat features disabled for this one, but it could definitely lead to a ban as well. Create a different account to try and get around your jail period, You will be banned for this.
12. Cheating. Cheating involves the action of creating or modifying in-game scripts, using non-human key presses, decompiling and modifying game values, abusing a bug etc…
If you find a bug with solution let me know you will be rewarded by the developer. You will not do any of these actions listed above, or you will be banned. No warnings will be given out.
13. You should not spamm any admin or developer to give you gifts, move you somewhere, or ask to change anything in a map, unless if it has some sirius ishues.
14. Using shields in the sword fighting arena is not allowed. if a player is caught using shield in the sword fighting arena, he or she will be jaled. if this offence is repeated 3 times, the player will be banned for a day.
15. You should not use any developer's, admin's, or player's name in your nickname, if you do it first time, you will be warned, if you repeat this offence  more then 1 time, you will be banned from the game.
If you believe these rules are too strict, please speak up. We want everyone to have a fair chance at playing the game. If you have any queries contact the developer found in readme

Please follow these Rules, and corprate with us!

Thanks for playing The War!
Regards: MD Games Production.